It's all set now.
Why are you looking at me?
What's there to look at?
Nothing.
You're old and ugly,
with white hair and a bad temper.
Zhu Helai, since I've been with you,
you've been working on this case.
I was the one who
cleaned out this room for you.
But I get scared once I get in here.
I'm scared that these figures
and suspects
would come alive in my dreams
and chase me.
I'm scared if I accidentally touch
or move something, you'd yell at me.
But what scares me more is...
One day you'd never
come out of this room.
Zhu, I'm not stopping you
from being a hero.
But don't forget, you're my husband
and Qianqian's dad.
I don't care what you do outside.
I just hope you can come back
to us in one piece.
This family
needs you.
Zhang Wei.
Come on in.
Zhu, come out. Zhang Wei is here!
=The Silent Rift=
=Episode 8=
(Surrender)
Here, Wei, eat something.
- Just leftovers.
- Mrs. Zhu, thank you.
You really care for me.
Take your time. You two talk.
Master.
Alright, cut the act.
Tell me, why did you come here?
Master, I'm not acting.
I'm genuinely hungry.
You just cook potatoes and radishes
in the cafeteria every day.
I need to eat some proper food, right?
Get to the point.
Master, in the police station,
I'm the team leader.
But in here, I'm still your apprentice.
If I did something wrong,
you should tell me.
You did nothing wrong.
I'm perfectly content just being
in the task force with you.
Master, just scold me a bit then.
Look at you, you seem
more and more like a leader.
Look at the way you talk.
You sound just like Liu Hua.
Chief Liu has been cultivating me
out of respect for you.
Cut it out.
If you want to chatter, finish up
and head back.
No, Master, don't be angry.
Our case has hit
a dead end on all leads.
I wanted to ask you
what kind of person
Meng Guangcai is in your eyes.
(Beiyan Police Station)
What's going on?
Why release the Hao brothers?
The victim suddenly
recanted his testimony
and said he accidentally
sawed his own hand while working.
Nonsense! Lying
on the testimony is illegal.
Yes.
(Guan Gong statue)
That He guy was a wise fool,
but you're simply a fool.
Meng Guangcai, we've
known each other for so long.
We didn't build affection alright,
but why built hatred?
Back at the construction site,
people said you were quite loyal.
That you're a principled man.
But how could a principled man
- do such a thing?
- Guangcai.
Guangcai!
Xue Qin!
Let go!
How did you find such a loser?
Your man is too dishonest.
We treated you so well.
Yet he colluded secretly to rebel.
You got him wrong.
In the entire market,
Guangcai respects you the most.
Really?
What a hypocrite.
Playing loyal but trying
to betray us? Respect us?
If Guangcai did something wrong,
I apologize on his behalf.
But stop hitting him.
I'll be honest with you.
That police officer Zhu you know
has come here several times,
kept asking us brothers about you.
He asked how much money
you had when you first came here
and how much you gave us.
We two have been covering for you.
We treated you so well,
yet you betrayed us?
How to compensate us?
We'll leave Baima Market.
We'll leave the goods
and the shop. Okay?
No! Think you can just leave?
Your man is smart, lucky,
and knows how to make money.
Of course, we have
to keep this golden goose.
Look, our old rule
was we take 40 percent.
Starting today,
we two want 80 percent.
Dad! Mom!
- Xiaoliang!
- Dad!
Guangcai!
What are you doing?
Dad!
- Behind me.
- Guangcai!
Guangcai! What are you doing?
Dad!
Guangcai!
- Dad!
- Guangcai!
- What are you doing?
- Meng Xiaoliang.
Dad!
Xiaoliang.
You attend Class 3, Grade 2
at Beiyan Elementary School, right?
I got it right, didn't I?
Guangcai.
(Beiyan County Hospital)
Mr. Meng. Zhu Helai, Liu Hua's buddy,
suddenly asked about
that loan you took out.
Anyway, all the paperwork
on my end is perfectly okay.
As for what specifics
to share or not share...
You need to handle that yourself.
Okay. Thanks.
Officer Zhu, I'm sorry.
Officer Zhu, I committed a crime.
It's all my fault.
I shouldn't frame someone else.
I want to take the punishment.
(Beiyan County Hospital)
I get it.
You got the injuries
on your face by accident too, right?
All thanks to you, Zhu.
You talked big about
wanting to be a hero,
but now you're just a coward?
(Beiyan County Hospital)
Those two won't get away.
Tell me if they act recklessly.
Keep an eye on them.
Zhu.
Be honest,
haven't you suspected me?
I don't know anything.
Don't ask me anything.
Your tolerance is off today.
Fire!
Fire! Put it out!
Fire! Hurry!
Put out the fire!
Fire!
Hurry up!
Fire! Fire!
Put out the fire!
Fire!
Hurry!
(One month later)
Here, Zhu.
Try my dishes.
Your tastes have changed.
Now you're drinking foreign liquor.
I didn't buy it. A client gave it.
Lately, we've been
swamped at the market.
It's been ages since we gathered, Zhu.
- Have some.
- Okay.
Everyone's busy, especially Guangcai.
Since he took over Baima Market,
it's hard to get a chance to meet him.
Without your help,
I wouldn't come this far.
Here, Zhu, a toast to you.
Yes.
Here, I'll join in.
After you came back from Guangnan,
I really thought you were short on cash.
Except the Hao brothers, your influence
is the biggest at Baima Market.
Baima Market's position is important.
Anything that happens there
is no small matter.
The leadership
takes the fire seriously
and asked about it many times.
I want to know
how much you know about that fire.
Zhu.
The firefighters were very clear
about that fire.
They said it was caused
by aging electrical circuits.
Baima Market's fire inspections
have always had safety hazards.
However, there was definitely
the possibility that the fire
was caused by sabotage.
Guangcai, you were closest
to the Hao brothers.
Who
had grudges against them before?
Let me put it this way.
Every merchant had grudges against them.
Zhu, Guangcai isn't
exaggerating one bit.
Everyone knew about the Hao brothers
skimming and extorting
in the market. You too, Zhu.
I know.
I also know that Guangcai
covered for those two brothers.
I remember it all.
Let me put it another way.
With the Hao brothers dead by accident,
who benefits the most?
Are you suspecting I'm related
to the Hao brothers' deaths?
I never dared to think so.
But you've involved in
every big or small incident
in Baima Market.
Why is it always a coincidence?
What does it have to do with me?
What benefit could I gain
from their deaths?
Zhu.
If you're here today to catch up,
then we
can eat properly.
But if you're here to pick a fight,
then there's no need to drink together.
I came to see you today
because I still see you as my buddy
for our old times' sake.
If one day I come with my colleagues
in my uniform...
Guang...
If you really see me as your buddy,
why hound me? With so many cases,
yet you keep targeting me?
Robberies, fires,
every crime must be
committed by me, right?
Guangcai, what are you doing?
Don't be fooled
by his presentable looking.
His luck has been incredibly bad.
Since childhood, life presented him
with nothing but obstacles,
one after another.
If it were an ordinary person,
they'd be crushed for life.
But he's different.
Meng Guangcai,
half gentleman, half villain,
is full of complexity.
It's this complexity
that makes him truly stand out.
It draws a bunch of people
to follow him,
work with him,
even commit extreme acts.
So if that's the case,
Master, I understand
why those people are so loyal
to Meng Guangcai.
You knew him back in Shaguai Village.
Besides Jiao Lijun and Wang Dazhu,
do you remember
if Meng Guangcai has
any other old acquaintances?
Yes.
Who is it?
Huang Mantang?
Master, I've heard that name.
Let's go find him.
We can't.
He's not at Caisheng Group now.
In 1970,
Huang Mantang was born
in Shaguai Village, Magou Town.
His mother died when he was very young.
And his father was a gambler,
drowning in debt.
In 1988, his father ran away
to escape debt collectors.
He then turned to Chen Rongfa.
Zuo Long, failing to collect the debt,
robbed Chen Rongfa.
This directly sparked conflict
between Meng Guangcai and Zuo Long.
In 1991, Huang Mantang went to Beiyan
to join Meng Guangcai
on a construction site.
Back then at the site,
Jiao Lijun, Wang Dazhu,
none of them had any respect
for Huang Mantang,
thinking him as lazy, gluttonous,
and addicted to gambling.
But out of respect for Meng Guangcai,
no one dared complain anything.
Then in 1993,
Meng Guangcai went south,
and Huang Mantang disappeared.
1993?
Master, what's your take
on Huang Mantang's disappearance?
After 1993,
I went back to Shaguai Village
to various construction sites,
and spoke with Principal Chen.
I learned Huang Mantang had been
hooked on gambling since childhood.
So it's likely he disappeared
to dodge gambling debts.
But you just said
Huang Mantang died in 2006?
Quite sudden.
I heard he died of cancer
in another place.
I know what you're thinking.
When I heard the news,
I was quite surprised too.
I even went to look into it.
Huang Mantang is buried
in the local cemetery.
Master, you know this route well.
While investigating Huang Mantang's
background, I visited his grave.
Who buried him here?
Before I answer you,
I want to hear
your thoughts on the case.
Master, we've used up
half the investigating time
on this case.
The names Meng Guangcai gave us
are either dead or missing.
That's way too many coincidences.
Also, Master,
so far, we only have
the blood sample as a lead.
I suspect Meng Guangcai and Wang Dazhu
have been leading us in circles.
I fear we'd only end up
catching Wang Dazhu,
and they'll get off the hook
at the lowest cost.
Exactly.
Meng Guangcai has made
a seemingly flawless plan.
Even a gambler like Huang Mantang
has a place to rest in peace. Why?
The more they try to steer us,
the less we should follow their lead.
This way.
You mean, Huang Mantang's funeral
was also part of their plan?
Exactly. Huang Mantang's funeral
was handled by Jiao Lijun.
(Grave of Huang Mantang)
Who held such a deep grudge against him?
Stop. Zoom in.
Yes.
(Beiyan City Caisheng Group Co., Ltd.)
Report on any currently active
company projects at any time.
(Caisheng Group)
Postpone those that haven't started yet.
You're Jiao Lijun, right?
I'm Zhang Wei,
Criminal Investigation Unit.
Zhu Helai's superior?
I've met you before.
Why didn't you bring Officer Zhu along?
I need to talk to you.
Let's talk privately.
No need.
I do things with integrity.
These are all my shareholders.
Don't let them misunderstand.
If you want to talk, let's do it here.
Fine.
A major criminal case
requires you to provide details.
A major criminal case?
Since this is a major criminal case,
then let's talk at the police station.
Once we see Zhu Helai,
we'll settle everything in one go.
(Beiyan City Caisheng Group Co., Ltd.)
Mr. Jiao is out.
- He's out!
What is this?
Don't do it.
- What is this?
- Getting physical?
Getting physical?
Cops are hitting people!
Quiet please.
This is standard police procedure.
Please stop filming!
Press freedom.
Stop filming!
- Exactly.
- We have press freedom.
Sir.
I need to give this to my secretary.
No need for such tension.
Mr. Jiao, how's the situation
affecting Caisheng Group?
First, thank you all for your attention
to Caisheng Group.
We're a private enterprise.
In the process of development,
we've created numerous jobs
and substantial tax revenue for Beiyan.
But regrettably, at this critical time,
we've had a misunderstanding
with the police.
As you all know,
first, our chairman
was detained without cause.
Then, I was held by police
without justification.
To clarify,
it's for their investigation.
Mr. Jiao, will this situation
impact Caisheng Group's IPO?
I guess
we must've stepped on someone's toes.
Someone's abusing power,
using underhanded tactics,
to deliberately suppress Caisheng Group.
We request your cooperation.
Watch your tone.
I believe, sure,
the police will investigate
thoroughly and efficiently,
restoring clear names
for Beiyan and Caisheng Group.
Are you done?
Mr. Jiao, tell us more.
- Tell us more.
- Thank you all.
Please support
private enterprises like ours.
Step back.
What's the current situation?
- Exactly.
- Don't go.
Tell us more.
- Tell us more.
- Don't go!
Tell us more.
Move back.
Mr. Jiao.
- Mr. Jiao.
Make way please.
- Tell us more.
Tell us more.
- Mr. Jiao.
(Police)
You seem quite chummy with the press.
Came prepared?
You're overthinking.
The press has freedom
to oversee and report facts.
I came to cooperate,
which is also a fact, right?
Do you know Huang Mantang?
Yes.
What was your relationship?
Fellow villagers, you could say.
We were both from
Shaguai Village, Magou Town.
After you left Shaguai Village
in 1988, did you stay in touch?
No.
Strange.
My investigation shows he came to Beiyan
and worked construction with you.
That rang a bell. He did come
but left soon after a few days.
Why did he seek you out?
Principal Chen referred him to us.
Since we were from the same village,
and he couldn't earn decent money,
so he wanted us to help him out.
Then why did he leave soon?
Frankly, the man was lazy and shiftless.
Never a diligent type.
He won't make money anywhere.
Then?
Then, we lost touch.
Where were you this morning?
In a meeting.
Where?
Right where you picked me up.
All the shareholders witnessed it.
Sir.
You brought me in for a major case.
Was it about Huang Mantang?
Did you sign this?
(Cemetery Burial Registration Form)
I signed it.
I said you two weren't close.
But you signed Huang Mantang's
cemetery registration form
and paid for the burial expenses.
You tell me you two lost contact?
Look, I admire the Terracotta Army.
I donated money
to protect national artifacts
and signed some papers for it.
Does that mean
I contacted Qin Shi Huang?
Just kidding.
Huang Mantang was my fellow villager.
He died alone and penniless.
I spent some money to bury him.
It's not against the law, right?
Zhu, I'm not trying to cause trouble.
In front of all the shareholders,
your superior
announced an investigation
into a major case.
And there's Guangcai.
He's been locked up with no explanation
or evidence.
This is damaging the group's reputation,
so I'm here to understand the situation
to give the public
and the press some answers.
Otherwise, legal keeps pushing me
to file a complaint.
I have to do this.
Indeed. I know you're busy.
Thanks for coming.
There's a lot to this situation.
It's not something easily explained.
Just one thing.
For now, don't pursue this.
Alright.
Zhu, you know this well.
To us three, you've
always been a role model.
Especially Guangcai,
he sees you as his own brother.
If we make a mistake, you can
scold us or punish us if needed.
But after that,
you have to tell us what we did wrong.
You have rules, so you can't tell.
Then let me ask differently.
How long do you plan
to keep us locked up?
Give me a timeframe.
Lijun, look, I am here.
Your questions are fair.
But I can only tell you one thing.
We won't wrong him.
Explain, what happened today?
It's all my fault.
I should've anticipated
someone like Jiao Lijun
would prepare early.
Now he's using this to pressure us,
accusing us of violating procedure,
arresting him illegally.
We just managed
to calm the public opinion,
yet now it's flared up again.
Listen, if we can't
produce evidence soon,
we have to release Meng Guangcai.
Yes, Chief.
The priority now
is dealing with Jiao Lijun, right?
Chief, I brought him in.
It has nothing to do with Master.
I'll take all the blame myself.
I'll write a self-criticism first,
then apologize to Jiao Lijun
and make a public apology
to Caisheng Group.
Captain Zhang, am I being unfair to you?
Get your self-criticism
on my desk this afternoon.
Yes.
I'm off to clean up your mess.
Master, we finally caught Jiao Lijun.
Yet now we just let him go?
Master, not this potato again.
Eating it every day,
you'll start sprouting potatoes.
Let's go.
Where to?
To see Jiao Lijun again.
I want to leave.
But since I'm here,
returning with nothing won't cut it.
So I need to file the complaint.
What's this officer's name and position?
I need it clear. Don't want
to blame the wrong person.
Zhang Wei.
We went to the cemetery
and visited Huang Mantang's grave.
It brought back a lot
of memories from
Shaguai Village, Magou Town.
I remember back then, everyone
looked down on Huang Mantang.
Especially after the fight
with Zuo Long.
Back then, only Xue Qin
showed Huang Mantang some kindness.
Speaking of Xue Qin, she seemed
to care for everyone back then.
Especially,
for you.
What are you trying to say?
I just remember back
in the video theater in Magou Town,
(her notebook was there.)
(Jiao Lijun)
(And your name was written all over it.)
That couldn't be any coincidence.
Mr. Jiao, you're such a charming man,
but you've never married.
Are you waiting for someone?
(Beiyan Police Station)
Zhu,
hope you can be fully prepared
before coming to me.
Jiao Lijun.
When necessary,
I will call you and Xue Qin
to come at any time.
Be prepared.
Any time.
At this moment,
we need to stay sharp.
Don't get discouraged.
Don't worry, Master.
Master, you've been
investigating this case for years.
What do you think about
Xue Qin's brother, Xue Yonghui?
Captain Li.
Perfect timing. I wanted to ask
if the welfare factory owned by
Xue Yonghui is part of Caisheng Group.
Yes, it's a subsidiary
under Caisheng Group,
- but unrelated to the man in black.
- Why?
The factory hires disabled workers,
and even Xue Yonghui himself
is disabled. What do you think?
Turn? How?
Lijun.
Turn!
Lijun, wait.
Lijun.
(Personal Rankings)
Long time no see.
(Office)
I didn't expect your welfare factory
to be doing so well now.
Yonghui, it's been so long
since we last met.
Aren't you going to show me
around the factory?
This place is quite far
from the city center.
Is it convenient
for the workers to commute?
We have dorms.
Then let's go check out
some other places.
Why did you run around?
Do you know you almost got us killed?
(Chai Daqing, Xue Yonghui's driver)
No, Lijun.
I-I didn't go anywhere.
- No?
- Lijun.
Lijun.
Think anyone in this world
still remembers you?
Will anyone burn incense for you?
- Speak!
- Lijun.
Are you trying to kill me now?
At worst, we'll die together.
I didn't expect your welfare factory
to be this large.
You should be the star enterprise
of Caisheng Group, right?
You don't deserve to live in this world.
You should've died long ago!
Mr. Xue.
What is this place?
The dorm area and my office.
Take me for a look around.
This is your office, right?
Looks nice.
I bet you're not here
just for a visit today.
Principal Chen once said
among the kids taking the exams,
you were the most promising.
If it weren't for that injured arm,
you would've achieved
even greater things.
You injured that arm in 1993, right?
Hit by a car.
By a minivan?
It was so long ago. I hardly remember.
Your sister and brother-in-law
were really worried back then,
feeling like the world had collapsed.
At that time, they ran around,
trying to find a good path for you.
Officer Zhu, I'm very busy today.
If there's nothing urgent,
let's talk another day.
I'll ask you about someone.
When was the last time
you saw Huang Mantang?
Your sister used
to take good care of him.
I don't recall.
Remember this.
(When necessary,)
I will call you and Xue Qin
to come at any time.
(Be prepared.)
Had too much to drink?
Go lie down over there.
Looks like you had quite a few.
Qin, can I say something?
Go ahead.
What is it?
Fine, I'm leaving.
It's been six years. That incident
has been weighing on me like a rock.
I can't shift it
or move it.
And I have to face you
and Guangcai every day.
Especially Xiaoliang.
Seeing him is like a torture to me.
It's like a constant reminder.
I can't pretend that nothing happened.
Qin, I regret it.
If I had taken you away
from Shaguai Village back then...
If that night...
I want to push that rock away.
I don't know what I can do
to make up for it.
Alright, stop talking.
Sorry, I-I drank too much.
Let bygones be bygones.
What matters now
is to live well and look ahead.
Master, you mentioned Xue Qin last time.
Should we tell Chief Liu?
That was for Jiao Lijun's ears.
If we question Xue Qin,
I wouldn't tell him.
I can't let them prepare.
So, what do we do next?
Monitor Jiao Lijun.
His next moves are crucial.
Interrogate Meng Guangcai
and tell him something new.
(Fifth Interrogation)
Long time no see.
That long?
We keep dragging this out.
You suffer, and I don't enjoy it either.
Let's wrap this case up.
So, we can have peace of mind.
That would be best.
But you came to see me,
probably because
you've hit a wall recently.
Guangcai.
Since the day you came in here,
your Caisheng Group
hasn't sat idle for a single day.
Someone's riling up the press,
creating public pressure against us.
This is a coordinated effort,
and it's working pretty well.
You won't rest until you've
destroyed our company?
Tell me. Which one in our group
are you suspecting now?
You know him well.
Meng Xiaoliang's biological father,
Jiao Lijun.
Officer Zhu was right.
Jiao Lijun did come looking for Xue Qin.
Zhu Helai went to the welfare factory.
Things are getting worse.
He's dead set on bringing Guangcai down.
And he subtly
mentioned you.
Qin, I'll do everything I can
to help Guangcai.
Getting Guangcai out
is safer for Xiaoliang, for you,
and for us.
What do you want to do?
I've said it.
The biggest regret of my life
was not taking you away back then.
Well, I'm always indecisive.
But I can't be so anymore.
I mean, if I end up in there too,
you have to handle
everything for a while.
Take good care of yourself.
Don't worry. Guangcai will get out.
You're not surprised at all.
Seems you knew about this all along.
No wonder. Jiao Lijun is so clever,
yet you handed the group's main business
over to Wang Dazhu.
It's because of Xue Qin.
Everything makes sense now.
It's all because of Xue Qin.
I don't understand
what you're talking about.
For someone as proud as you,
there can only be one reason
to accept all this calmly.
You care about Meng Xiaoliang,
and Jiao Lijun
is Meng Xiaoliang's biological father.
In a way, you're protecting Jiao Lijun.
Officer Zhu, if you have evidence,
then arrest Jiao Lijun.
I'd like to see how far you cops
are going to push our group.
Let's see how much blame
Liu Hua can take for you.
But I'm warning you.
If you make
these baseless accusations public,
I won't let you off.
Big boss is really different.
The group's in such bad shape,
yet he strolls in the park?
And he took a detour to come here.
Probably meeting someone.
Captain Li, look. Someone we know.
Why here? Couldn't we talk at home?
No.
Jiao Lijun.
My dad's been arrested.
What exactly are you scheming?
Xiaoliang.
Don't you understand me and your dad?
We're trying to solve this.
Cut the act, Jiao Lijun.
I saw it.
You've long wanted
to break up our family.
Seems Meng Xiaoliang
has zero trust in his 'uncle' either.
My mom is a big fool
to trust someone like you.
You're thrilled my dad got arrested.
You've always wanted to be with my mom.
I'm warning you, stay away from my mom.
Heard me?
You're this big,
yet that's all you've got?
Use this.
You're a man.
Once you decide something,
do it till the end.
Don't be indecisive.
Take it
and hit me here.
Come on!
Xiaoliang, remember this.
Violence won't solve anything.
But I hope you remember this anger
and courage you're feeling now.
From now on,
I want you to use that courage
to protect your mom.
Because in this world,
only your mom loves you the most.
She can do anything for you.
Don't misunderstand her like that.
You're grown up now.
Protect your mom.
Go home.
So, we can confirm the relationship
between Jiao Lijun
and Meng Xiaoliang now.
And Jiao Lijun keeps
meeting with Xue Qin.
Let's issue an order, detain him first.
If he runs, it'll be a real mess.
Haven't you learned
from Meng Guangcai's incident?
You should first prove who
Meng Xiaoliang's biological father is,
then make the arrest.
You can't arrest someone first
and then figure that out.
Go by the...
If we delay,
what if he runs away
right under our noses?
Chief!
What is it?
Jiao Lijun is back.
=The Silent Rift=